'\" t
.\" ** The above line should force tbl to be a preprocessor **
.\" Man page for labsxi
.\"
.\" $Id$
.\" $Author$
.\"
.pc
.TH LabSXI 7 "2008-04-30" "1.0" "Laboratory SXI controller"
.SH NAME
labsxi \- CCD camera controller
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B help
.br
.B bias 
.I bias0 bias1 bias2 bias3
.br
.B dac
.I  number value
.br
.B dac
.I  name voltage
.br
.B no_pclk
.br
.B use_pclk
.br
.B sum
.I hsum vsum
.br
.B readout
.I count
.br
.B status
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B labsxi
is the software that controls the laboratory preprototype SXI Camera Link X-ray CCD
camera for for the NeXT mission. It runs on an ARM7 board (Atmel EB40A) and is controlled through a serial interface.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B help
Display a brief synopsis of the commands.
.TP
.BI bias " bias0 bias1 bias2 bias3"
Set the video bias compenstion for the four channels on the MD01 video processor chip. The arguments are numbers
.RI 0<= bias <=31.
Higher numbers push the video bias in the digital image down.
.TP
.BI dac " number value"
Set DAC
.I number
to
.IR value .
.RI 0<= number <24
and
.RI 0<= value <256.
.TP
.BI dac " name voltage"
Set DAC-controlled parameter
.I name
to
.IR  voltage .
This is perhaps the more useful form of the DAC command. The names and allowable voltages are as follows:
.TS
tab (@);
l l l.
Name@Range (volts)@Description
_
VIHI@0.2 to 10.0@Vertical imaging clock high
VILO@-9.8 to 0@Vertical imaging clock low
VSHI@0.2 to 10.0@Vertical storage clock high
VSLO@-9.8 to 0@Vertical storage clock low
HHI@0.2 to 10.0@Horizontal clock high
HLO@-9.8 to 0@Horizontal clock low
RGHI@0.2 to 10.0@Reset gate high
RGLO@-9.8 to 0@Reset gate low
SGHI@0.2 to 10.0@Summing gate high
SGLO@-9.8 to 0@Summing gate low
BB@0 to 51.6@Back bias
OG@-10.0 to 10.3@Output gate
OD@-30.0 to -2.3@Output drain
RD@-30.0 to -2.3@Reset drain
.TE

An attempt to set a voltage out of range will set it to the limit in that direction.
.TP
.B no_pclk
Tell subsequent
.B readout
commands not to synchronize with the hardware pixel clock. This allows software testing without camera hardware attached to the processor board (otherwise, if there's no pixel clock,
.I readout
will pause indefinitely). Do not use this with a camera!
.TP
.B use_pclk
Tell subsequent
.B readout
commands to synchronize with the hardware pixel clock (the default). This should only be useful to undo a
.B no_pclk
command when testing.
.TP
.BI sum " hsum vsum"
This sets the number of physical CCD columns
.RI ( hsum )
and rows
.RI ( vsum )
to sum to create an output pixel. These should be positive integers. The defaults are 1.
.TP
.BI readout " count"
This reads out the CCD
.I count
times.
.TP
.B status
Display all setable parameters: bias settings, DAC settings, pixel summation, and pixel clock usage.


.SH SERIAL PROTOCOL
The interface is set for 9600 baud, 8 bit, no parity, and no flow control. There is no type-ahead buffer, so characters sent to
.B labsxi
when it is busy may be silently lost. The character code used is ISO 646 (ASCII). Either CR or LF ends an input line, and output lines are followed by both. Either BS or DEL erases the last character typed, echoing BS SPACE BS to the output to erase it on the screen. The line input buffer is 80 characters long. The string "C-link LabSXI> " prompts for input. Errors are indicated by BEL, which will make noise on most terminal emulators. Most errors are also accompanied by a message.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I SXI/labsys/software
Source code for 
.BR labsxi .
.TP
.I SXI/labsys/software/README
Instructions for compiling
.B labsxi
and loading it into the control processor board.
.SH AUTHOR
John Doty (jpd@noqsi.com)
'\" $Log$
'\" Revision 1.1  2008-04-30 23:05:23  jpd
'\" Manual page for LabSXI
'\"
